---
layout: post
title:  "2024-07-09 ToW Session"
date:   2024-07-09 20:58:42 -0500
categories: session
---

# Session Log (Ravin's Notes)
Ravin and Oryn make it to the top of the stairs. They are unable to see where Griffith is, as he doesn't make it up the stairs. During this time, Mel and Palindir show up. We alert them to vampires and Mel casts Pass Without a Trace. A vampire comes to the top of the stairs and we sneak attack the first vampire. Quickly a 2nd vampire comes up. We weaken the first vampire, but before killing it, it races back down the stairs, leaving the fight. The 2nd vampire summons 7 wolves, who encircle the group. We kill the remaining vampire and the wolves lose their aggression and decide to disengage. We return to the subterranean level, searching for the vampire that ran. We search the room with the tombs finding that only 1 remains open and the other one, previously being open, is closed again. Oryn whispers into the recently resealed tomb for Griffith, but there is no response and it is sealed securely. We are unable to open the tomb or confirm what lays inside it - assuming something does. We continue down the halls, not previously explored, to locate Polydora. We clear the rooms and get to a magically locked room. It is surrounded by 4 rooms (at each corner outside the locked room, which have a spiral design in the floor. There is an additional room at the end of the hall, just beyond the locked room. Ravin sneaks into the room and identifies 3 cloaked humanoids sitting in chairs, who do not notice him. He closes the door and returns to the group quietly, leaving the unknown figures unbothered. 

Oryn and Mel cast a firebolt spells on one of the spirals, which activates it. After some toying with the sequence, the party is able to solve the puzzle, illuminating all 4 spirals and unlocking the center room. Inside Polydora is found, chained to a table. Oryn casts healing on her, along with Ravin. Healed some, but still unconscious, the locks of her bonds are picked. Polydora is pulled from the table and we see there is a magical closed eye underneath her body. The eye opens, looking around and identifying the group taking Polydora. Oryn casts a firebolt at the eye and Mel shapeshifts into a Giant Badger, as we load Polydora on Mel's back. Oryn then casts a firebolt at a spiral, as we run, disabling its illumination in an effort to reseal the room. We run back the way we came in, avoid further conflict. As Polydora remains unconscious, the party does not return to the vampire room and decide they will continue their search for Griffith after they recover. Not knowing the location of Griffith, we escape from the subterranean level, back to the surface. Magic is cast against the portal and we are sent back through to where we stored the horses.