---
layout: post
title:  "2024-06-25 ToW Session"
date:   2024-06-25 20:58:42 -0500
categories: session
---

# Session Log (Ravin's Notes)
After finishing the attack against the robed militants. We tie them up and Ravin uses Rope Trick, where he and Oryn drag both soldiers into the extradimensional space for interrogation. We learn their names are "The Walkers" and that they have many bases. Polydora has been captured and taken to a specific one that matches the description during Cephas's scrying. The soldier who gives up the location of the base states that it is on the way to Sienetha, just veer northeast from Braket and we'll be able to locate it. The soldier advises that a party member had already been before, which we later discover is Oryn. The Walkers have been gathering info on him, but no details of what or why are learned. The base is underground, though we aren't sure how deep it goes or where Polydora is located inside. We complete questioning and Oryn takes both of their brooches. 

While Oryn & Ravin are distracted, one soldier Fey Steps out of their bondage, diving out of the dimension. As they are falling to the walkway of the alleyway, the soldier opens a portal in the ground and fall through it, before Griffith is able to grab them, teleporting to an unknown location. 

After this, Ravin drags a barrel from the alleyway into the extra dimensional space and we stuff the unconscious soldier inside as an extra measure of time to allow us to get away, once the Rope Trick spell ends. The group heads straight to the stables, renting horses. Ravin goes by the Smithy, who is finishing up his dragon scale shield, just in time and then regroups with the party.

We travel to the base, where Oryn has been before. While we are discussing an entry plan, Griffith suddenly attacks the ground with his obsidian sword, which does magical damage and activates the portal, teleporting is to an unknown location, luckily finding the courtyard in which we stand is empty. The party takes the stairs down to a subterranean level. 

The hallways beneath are lightly illuminated by an unidentifiable ambient light source, coming from the walls. There is no sign of activity. The party is faced with 3 directions and first go to the left. We find a couple small rooms with no one in them. They have nothing in them, but a magical rune/symbol language on what appear to be coffins. Aarrak recognizes the language, but can only make out 1 word - FIRE. We leave the room untouched and move back to the hallway intersection and go the opposite direction (right). We enter a room where there is a table and 4 chairs. There is a mixture of fresh and older endtrails on the table. There are no trail markings suggesting where the bodies were taken postmortem. Suddenly it is recognized that Griffith has left the room. The party hears a loud scraping sound coming from the original room, where Griffith is prying open one of the tombs/coffins with his sword. Upon opening it, he finds a vampire, who gives a cordial "thank you" to Griffith, which the others hear from down the hallway. The vampire exits and running to another nearby coffin to open it. Ravin attacks the vampire and Griffith runs to help the vampire open the second coffin - succeeding. The vampires attack the party - primarily focused on Griffith. Griffith ignores the aggression and runs for a 3rd coffin, attempting to open it, but failing. Ravin yells for Griffith to stop and to focus on disengaging the room, but Griffith doesn't slow his efforts in opening additional coffins. Oryn casts a spell, placing grease just inside the doorway of the room with the coffins. Aarrak provides the group with defensive auras and attacks the vampires. While Ravin stands waiting for Griffith at the room's only door, a vampire runs at Ravin to attack. Ravin counters, initiating Fey Step, infecting the vampire with a state of fear. Ravin, Aarrak, and Oryn run for the stairway from which the group arrived, after Ravin shuts the vampires and the frenzied Griffith in the room. Oryn (using spider climb) scaled the walls to the ceiling and casts a firebolt at the door and grease, catching the door and doorway on fire. 

During this time, Griffith regains his wits and runs for the door, acrobatically rolling through the doorway, traversing the fire and blasting through the door, receiving minor charring/burns. A vampire transforms into a bat and attempts to fly through the fire, but upon doing so, is compelled to retreat, due to still being burdened with the frightened effect from Ravin, forcing it to fly back through the fire, taking additional heavy damage. The other flies through and attacks Griffith. After a brief re-engagement, Griffith turns and continues his retreat as the party seeks to find safety in the surface's sunlight...