---
layout: post
title:  "Session Log"
date:   2024-07-09 20:00:00 -0500
categories: session
---

# Session Log
7. Ravin and Oryn make it to the top of the stairs but cannot see Griffith, who fails to emerge. During this time, Mel and Palindir arrive. Alerted to the presence of vampires, Mel casts Pass Without a Trace. A vampire appears at the top of the stairs and is ambushed by the group. A second vampire follows soon after. The first is weakened but flees before being slain. The second vampire summons seven wolves, which encircle the party.

We slay the vampire, and with its death, the wolves lose their aggression and disperse. The party returns below to search for the escaped vampire. In the tomb room, only one tomb remains open; another, previously ajar, is now sealed again. Oryn whispers into the newly shut tomb for Griffith but receives no reply. The tomb is firmly sealed, and its contents uncertain.

The group explores previously untraveled halls in search of Polydora. We come to a magically locked room, surrounded by four smaller rooms at its corners, each with a floor spiral. A fifth room sits at the hallway’s end. Ravin sneaks into it and sees three cloaked humanoids seated in silence. He exits without alerting them.

Oryn and Mel cast Firebolt on one of the spirals, activating it. After testing sequences, all four spirals are illuminated, unlocking the center room. Inside, Polydora lies chained to a table. Ravin and Oryn cast healing on her, then pick her locks. Beneath her body is a closed magical eye, which opens and scans the group. Oryn blasts it with Firebolt, and Mel, now a Giant Badger, carries Polydora on her back.

Oryn disables one spiral with another Firebolt to reseal the room, and the group retreats, avoiding more conflict. Griffith’s location remains unknown. The group escapes the subterranean level and returns to the surface. A spell activates the portal, returning them to the horse’s location.
