---
layout: post
title:  "Session Log"
date:   2024-09-19 20:00:00 -0500
categories: session
---

# Session Log
8. We regroup with select members as "Phillip the Wise" opens the meeting. He outlines an investigation focused on the Del Rath Walkers and their involvement with Chronomancy. Additional, unspecified nefarious issues are hinted at. It’s believed another lair exists in the planes, similar to where we previously encountered vampires and rescued Polydora.

A rail car will take us safely to the planes, and a map will guide our exploration. We accept the mission and are promised 50g now and 100g each upon return. The group informs us Griffith is isolated due to his condition, and Oryn remains behind, constructing something.

We are introduced to Ignara, a Genasi Sorceress, who joins our party by direction of Phillip and his board. Exiting south from Calbrexi, we are met by a monodrone who verifies our identities. We board the rail car — all but Mel and Ravin succumb to motion sickness. The robotron conductor serves snacks during the ride.

At the planes, we walk for two hours and reach a changed landscape of seemingly abandoned structures. Mel and Ignara cross a bridge and hear music, which Cephas cannot. Ravin discovers an oddly pristine boat in a dusty house. He and Cephas paddle to the river, passing under the bridge where an ethereal being named Percival is playing music. He asks about his lost family and explains that a planar shift occurred while he was away. A strange magical machine, identified as new by Percival, is attacked by Ignara’s fire spell. It animates, charges into the river, and bores into the ground.

The plane shifts suddenly. We now stand in a deserted encampment with muted voices inside two nearby tents. Invisible Cephas scouts both, finding four orcs. Ignara casts Firebolt at one tent, drawing all four out. Combat follows and the enemies are defeated. Cephas speaks with one corpse using magic and learns the orcs worship The Raven Queen. Their mission remains unclear, but one warns of a greater force deeper in the temple.

Suddenly, magic suppresses all external effects. A mysterious caster appears, rising from the temple depths...
